My name is Narangerel.
I was born and raised
in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.
My father, my younger brother
and I were in the army.
During that time,
I had money
to buy whatever I wanted
and enjoyed going drinking
with my friends,
which made me feel better
—at times even satisfied and happy.
But my stressful life quickly returned.
One of my best friends started to study
the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses.
She used to give me tracts
and talk about Jehovah often.
But I never read them.
One day when I was feeling
really down,
I wondered what was in those tracts
and decided to read them.
I really liked what I read.
I wanted to know more about it,
so I called my friend and said,
“Can you please
teach me about the Bible?”
Then I started to study the Bible
and go to the meetings.
At one meeting,
I heard,
“Jehovah God listens and answers
his servant’s prayers.”
This truth touched my heart.
I decided to learn more about God
and to cultivate
a close relationship with him
and to worship him.
I told my father about my decision
to retire from the military.
Of course,
he didn’t want to accept it;
he tried everything to stop me.
I felt bad that I was
letting my family down.
But I really loved Jehovah.
I never looked back.
But I had another obstacle
to overcome.
I lived with my boyfriend.
He never accepted the Bible truths.
I loved both Jehovah and him.
I didn’t want to lose either of them.
So I prayed to Jehovah,
“Please help me
that he legally marries me
and let me be a servant of you.”
I did everything I could do.
But he said,
“If you don’t leave this religion,
I will never marry you.”
Later, he told me,
“I am going abroad;
come with me.”
To be honest,
I thought I could go
with him and get married
—then become a servant of God.
But I prayed to Jehovah,
“Please help me
to make the right decision.”
Then I realized
that I had to cut off the relationship
with him who didn’t want to marry me.
I cried until I had no tears left.
I really loved him.
But my love for Jehovah
was much stronger.
I was surprised at myself
that I made this decision.
In March 2008 I was baptized,
and I started regular pioneering
from that December.
I was appointed to be
a special pioneer in August 2010,
and I’m joyfully serving
in the city of Darkhan.
I’m still single,
but now I have many friends
who love Jehovah and care for me.
I have more self-respect than before.
For me,
the real satisfaction and happiness
come from working
with Jehovah and serving him.